add description for DAI bond contract (#58)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: contracts.md

## DAI Bond

https://etherscan.io/address/0xd03056323b7a63e2095ae97fa1ad92e4820ff045

All bond contracts are more or less the same, with the one exception of the

> assets or LPs they manage. The bond contracts handle all deposits and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assets or LP tokens they manage. The bond contracts handle all deposits and
```

> redemptions. Here parameters for monetary policy are configured per contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
redemptions. Here parameters for monetary policy are configured.
```

> Such parameters are for instance the bond control variable and the max

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such parameters are for instance the [BCV](https://docs.olympusdao.finance/references/glossary#bcv) and the max
```
